- [Narrator] In this lesson, we're going to take a look
at how JSON-B can deserialize JSON into a Java object.
So, we're going to be working within our JMS consumer
and it's going to receive a message containing JSON
that corresponds with our order object.
So, let's work to receive that JSON
and deserialize it into an order.
So, we'll start out once again by creating a JSON-B instance
and you will remember we do that with the JSON-B builder
and we'll use the create method once again.
Now that we have our JSON-B object,
once again, it's pretty simple,
we're attempting to deserialize to an order,
so we'll create an order object
and then using JSON-B we can use the from JSON method
and then we are going to retrieve
the JSON from the JMS message.
So, let's create a new string to hold that
and all we need to do is, on the message, get the body
and then the body expects us to provide
a class that indicates the type of message we expect.
Okay, so now we have the JSON in a string
and we just pass that as the first
argument to the from JSON method
and then as the second argument we provide
the type we would like to deserialize to.
At this point we have deserialized the object
so let's just take the order, we can get all the items
and we'll stream the items, we can use the map method
and then within our map method
we are going to take each item
and let's get its name and then we can print that out
to the console for each of our items.
Okay, so, just to review, we received the JSON message.
We then extract the string from the message
which is our JSON representation of an order.
Then we pass that JSON over to JSON-B
and that's where the JSON binding API is going to then
deserialize that JSON to an object of type order
and now we're working with a Java object
and then we're able to just work
and iterate through the items in our order
and print out the name of each item.
Okay, let's save this and then
we're going to run our application.
Okay, you can see we're started up.
And here we have our test script.
So let's go back to the console.
We can then clear the console,
and then let's check out our example.
So we run the test.
Okay so, there we see the http request was sent,
then we send the message to the queue,
the JMS consumer receives it and here
you can see that we have one item within our JSON
and that is sneakers, and let's check.
Yup, we got our one item and we were able to
successfully use JSON-B to deserialize a JSON string.